Using NKA
---------

Several different versions of the nonlinear Krylov accelerator (NKA) are
are provided here.  The directory "src-F95" contains the original Fortran 95
implementation.  A newer object-oriented version implemented in modern Fortran
can be found in "src-F08". That version requires a compiler that has a fairly
complete implementation of the 2003 standard with some minor features from the
2008 standard.  At this time the NAG (version 5.3) and Intel (version 13.1)
compilers are known to work; gfortran versions up through 4.7.2 and Intel
versions prior to 13.0 are known NOT to work.  The directory "src-C" contains
a C version.

The source for these versions (F95, F08, C) consists of a single source file
that can be easily incorporated into your own software project.  They all
feature essentially the same interface, which is documented in the comments
at the top of the source file.

Each of these versions also contains an example program that illustrates how
to use NKA by solving a nonlinear elliptic equation on a regular 2D grid.
There is a simple cmake-based build system.  A simple "cmake ." in the sub-
directory, followed by "make" should build the nka_example program.  If cmake
has problems finding your Fortran compiler, try setting the FC environment
variable to the path to it.  For a test, output from nka_example should be
compared to that in reference_output.  The F08/nka_example program is a bit
more elaborate, allowing several problem and method parameters to be set on
the command line.  Use the "--help" option to get usage information.  You
can get a better idea of how NKA behaves by experimenting with this program.

The directory "src-C++" contains a somewhat different version of NKA.  This
is a C++ implementation (by Markus Berndt) that designed to work with the NOX
package from Trilinos (http://trilinos.sandia.gov).  See the README file in
that directory for more details.  This is the code that was used to generate
the numerical results presented in the paper "Nonlinear Krylov Acceleration
Applied to a Discrete Ordinates Formulation of the k-Eigenvalue Problem",
J. Comp. Phys., 238 (2013).
  
A simple description of NKA is given in the foils found in the doc directory.
The procedure is also described at the end of the paper by Carlson and Miller
SIAM J. Sci. Comput, 19 (1998) pp 728-765; also Miller, J. Comp. Appl. Math.,
183 (2005), pp 275-287.
